From the tip of my finger held up straight,
I can see it glittering.
From the back of my open mouth,
I can see Mars today, as always.
I want to have a peaceful life.
A rest.
Ah, please understand.
Rendezvous to Mars.
Ordinary days. Ordinary sympathy.
All I want to see is a playful storm.
Rendezvous to Mars.
There’s no need for a lantern nor a mirror.
If only my misery were the reflection of the moon.
From the tip of the pen held up straight,
I can see my coreless self.
Even in a deadly silent night,
orchid petals stand out nicely.
Let me sleep deeply.
A rest.
Caress me gently.
Rendezvous on Mars.
Days of inertia. Ideal is the gravity.
All I want to see is what’s inside of you.
Rendezvous to myself.
There’s no need for music nor drugs.
If only my values were the reflexes of the brain.
From the tip of the tail held up straight,
I can see the thread-like crescent moon in a haze.
A rest.
Ah, it’s so frustrating.
Rendezvous to Mars.
Days of inertia. Day after day of reason.
All you’re missing is time and leeway.
Rendezvous to Mars.
There’s no need for bullets nor fireworks there.
I wish the land on Mars were the same as chocolate.
Rendezvous to Mars.
Good bye to that gravity of the earth.
All I’m looking at is the light of words.
Rendezvous to Mars.
There’s no need for a lantern nor a mirror.
If only my misery were the reflection of the moon.